[Music]
what's that book you've been reading
about
[Music]
it's about heroes who get to go on
adventures
defeat the monsters don't save the day
little boy from the south side chicago
going towards to get to do that
[Music]
this story it's about my father and the
secret birthright that's been kept from
us
you're going after it we're going near
the car
this is family business because families
stay together i'm scared for myself just
because they don't want you here
doesn't mean you're not supposed to be
you got to get away
this is an invitation to unmitigated
powers
when the hell did i go wrong with you
boy
i told you to stay away from that damn
place
there's something here just trying to
get out
[Music]
everything was where and as it should be
from god to man
to creature
we're surrounded by monsters
[Music]
i'm doing this to protect us you can't
win this game they setting up for you to
play
[Music]
this legacy belongs to our family
we gotta face this new world
[Music]
instinct
this is our family story